Data Sharing Policy
===================

The TITCO Research consortium's mandate is to promote research for
better outcomes in trauma patients. Currently, the country of research
is India and we have 5 participating hospitals since 2013. Our goal is
to make available the data that we have generated for wide use by
researchers, teachers, planners, anthropologists, physicians and any
scientific pursuit. We have used grant money, so we share our data as
a policy, as it is a public good and sharing is ethical and
beneficial. We follow the ICJME guidelines for authorship and any
scientist/s can be author/authors.

There is no charge for downloading this dataset. All reports,
publications and outputs must acknowledge that the TITCO research
consortium has provided the data. Feedback about errors is welcome and
should be sent to Nobhojit Roy (nobsroy@gmail.com) or Martin Gerdin
Wärnberg (martingerdin@gmail.com). Online 24-hour support is not
available on this dataset, but we will make all attempts to answer
queries and clarifications.

By using this dataset, I agree to the following terms:

1.  The data is anonymous, and will be used as such. No attempt will
    be made to make the data identifiable or contact individual
    patients. Also, it will be used as a whole, and individual hospital
    data (centre-specific data), if used separately, will require
    additional permission from the particular participating hospital,
    especially as regards outcomes and mortality.

2.  The dataset will not be redistributed without the LICENCE.md and
    this file, though students and researchers under the mentorship of
    the licensee are encouraged to use the dataset.

3.  We encourage users of the data to send a copy of the brief annual
    report of the project or work, as well as any publications
    resulting from the use of the dataset, to us by email.

4.  IRB Ethics clearances will be taken as per the country's /
    Universities' rules for research publications and data will not be
    disclosed to institutions and restricted to researchers only. In
    case, a researcher moves to another institutions, (s)he can take the
    dataset to the new institution, but should inform the co-ordinator
    or inform the names of the other researchers who will take the work
    forward.

5.  Requests for data use checks and verifications will be complied
    to, and any inadvertent distribution/deidentification/or breach of
    agreement should be disclosed and reported to the co-ordinator.

6.  Reports, abstracts, publications using the TITCO dataset will
    include mention of the source of data and the funding sources. No
    TITCO research consortium member will be an author automatically on
    the manuscript generated by the use of the TITCO dataset (henceforth
    called 'the dataset'), unless they have contributed, in keeping with
    the ICJME guidelines.

Acknowledgement template to be included in the final manuscript:

Funding
-------

The TITCO dataset by the research consortium of Indian Universities was
funded by grants from the Swedish National Board of Health and Welfare
and the Laerdal Foundation for Acute Care Medicine, Norway. The funding
agencies had no influence on the conduct of the study, the contents of
the manuscript, or the decision to send the manuscript for publication.
([www.titco.org)](http://www.titco.org))

Participants
------------

Towards Improved Trauma Care Outcomes (TITCO) is a trauma registry,
incorporating the TITCO Consortium of Indian urban university hospitals
namely: Institute of Post-Graduate Medical Education and  Research and
Seth Sukhlal Karnani Memorial Hospital, Kolkata  Rajiv Gandhi Government
General Hospital, Madras Medical  College, Chennai, Lokmanya Tilak
Municipal Medical College  and General Hospital, Mumbai and , Seth GS
Medical College &  King Edward Memorial Hospital, Mumbai   and Jai
Prakash Narayan Apex Trauma Center, All India Institute of Medical
Sciences, New Delhi.

Ethical considerations
----------------------

The institutional ethics committee of all participating hospitals LTMGH
(IEC/11/13 dated 26 Jul 2013), KEM (IEC(I)/out/222/14 dated 4 Mar 2014),
SSKM (IEC/279 dated 21 Mar 2013, MMC (EC Reg no.
ECR/270/Inst./TN/2013/36082013 dated 05.08.2014) and Apex Delhi
(IEC/NP-327/2013 RP-24/2013 dated 25 Sep 2013) individually approved the
collation of the database and analysis.

If space permits, or is required
--------------------------------

The following are members of the TITCO Consortium (listed alphabetically
by first name): Amit Gupta, Additional Professor, Jai Prakash Narayan
Apex Trauma Center, All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi,
Ashish Jhakal, Project Officer Supervisor, Jai Prakash Narayan Apex
Trauma Center, All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi
Debojit Basak, Project Officer, Institute of Post-Graduate Medical
Education and Research and Seth Sukhlal Karnani Memorial Hospital,
Kolkata Deen Mohamed Ismail, Professor, Department of Orthopaedics,
Madras Medical College, Chennai Dusu Yabo, Project Officer, Jai Prakash
Narayan Apex Trauma Center, All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New
Delhi Jegadeesan K, Project Officer Supervisor, Madras Medical College,
Chennai Jyoti Kamble, Project Officer, King Edward Memorial Hospital,
Mumbai Makhan Lal Saha, Professor, Department of Surgery, Institute of
Post-Graduate Medical Education and Research and Seth Sukhlal Karnani
Memorial Hospital, Kolkata Mangesh Nitnaware, Project Officer, Lokmanya
Tilak Municipal Medical College and General Hospital, Mumbai Monty
Khajanchi, Associate professor, General Surgery, Seth GS Medical College
& King Edward Memorial Hospital, Mumbai Ranganathan Jothi, Professor,
Department of Neurosurgery, Madras Medical College, Chennai Samarendra
Nath Ghosh, Professor, Department of Neurosurgery, Institute of Post-
Graduate Medical Education and Research and Seth Sukhlal Karnani
Memorial Hospital, Kolkata Sanjeev Bhoi, Additional Professor, Jai
Prakash Narayan Apex Trauma Center, All India Institute of Medical
Sciences, New Delhi Santosh Mahindrakar, Project Officer, Jai Prakash
Narayan Apex Trauma Center, Santosh Tirlotkar, Administrative officer,
TITCO project, TISS, All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi
Satish Dharap, Professor, Department of Surgery, Lokmanya Tilak
Municipal Medical College and General Hospital, Mumbai Shilpa Rao,
Professor, Department of Surgery, King Edward Memorial Hospital, Mumbai
Veera Kamal, Project Officer, Madras Medical College, Chennai, Vineet
Kumar, Associate Professor, Department of Surgery, Lokmanya Tilak
Municipal Medical College and General Hospital, Mumbai
